Ye Feifan, don't pretend
The Governor is here
Are you going to do it in front of the Governor?
Destroy our Zhang family?
This
Shut up for me
Ah!
Thank you, don't fight
I said I said it all
Please spare my son's life!
Ah, you are not qualified to bargain with me.
i
And I said, "Okay.
Yes
Dad?
Ye Feifan, you bastard killed my dad
I didn't kill him.
Ye Feifan, do you think we are all fools?
Ah!
My dad died in front of you and you said you didn't kill him
Who the hell would believe that?
People are dead
Ye Feifan
When your business
You don't want to challenge again
Zhang Shaojun is a brainless thing
Did he have to lie to you?
Qianjiang, don't be a hairy mouse.
You are with him
Of course you talk to him
Whatever you want.
If you want revenge
I am always ordered
You stay and deal with this
It's Ye Weifan
I will definitely let you fight blood sausage
Let you die
Dad?
This is extraordinary, I will make you pay with blood
Death grows here
Extraordinary, wait a minute
No.
In fact, I can also help you investigate what happened back then
I am now the governor of the lower middle class.
I still have some rights
Then please.
The waiter, Lord Qin, has helped you so much.
Not even a thank you